README.md, before:

# Introduction 
TODO: Give a short introduction of your project. Let this section explain the objectives or the motivation behind this project. 

# Getting Started
TODO: Guide users through getting your code up and running on their own system. In this section you can talk about:
1.	Installation process
2.	Software dependencies
3.	Latest releases
4.	API references

# Build and Test
TODO: Describe and show how to build your code and run the tests. 

# Contribute
TODO: Explain how other users and developers can contribute to make your code better. 

If you want to learn more about creating good readme files then refer the following [guidelines](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/repos/git/create-a-readme?view=azure-devops). You can also seek inspiration from the below readme files:
- [ASP.NET Core](https://github.com/aspnet/Home)
- [Visual Studio Code](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode)
- [Chakra Core](https://github.com/Microsoft/ChakraCore)

Jason's Commit
Julia's Commit
Ohm's Commit

Commit message:

Set Up React and Node

README.md, after:

# Introduction 
TODO: Give a short introduction of your project. Let this section explain the objectives or the motivation behind this project. 

# Getting Started
TODO: Guide users through getting your code up and running on their own system. In this section you can talk about:
1.	Installation process
2.	Software dependencies
3.	Latest releases
4.	API references

# Build and Test
TODO: Describe and show how to build your code and run the tests. 

# Contribute
TODO: Explain how other users and developers can contribute to make your code better. 

If you want to learn more about creating good readme files then refer the following [guidelines](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/repos/git/create-a-readme?view=azure-devops). You can also seek inspiration from the below readme files:
- [ASP.NET Core](https://github.com/aspnet/Home)
- [Visual Studio Code](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode)
- [Chakra Core](https://github.com/Microsoft/ChakraCore)

# Julia's Commit
Implemented React Frontend 
To Run: 
cd server 
node index.j 

Implemented Node Backend 
To run: 
cd client 
npm start 

NOTE: These each need to be in there own terminals to run frontend/backend stuff
discuss if we like this process or not and if we want to change production style 
TODO: Find Template for About Page/Login stuff 
Make sure that the database cooperates with this setup
